i have a blankie blankie is a blanket i
have had
since i was literally born out of the
womb my aunt melody got it for me when i
was a baby
it originally had mickey mouse and
minnie
and it's my security blanket like i
sleep with it every single night i like
need it and um
with borderline personality disorder and
if you experience trauma
things that you did as children carries
with you in your adult life
so i just learned this last year the
reason why i have blanky and i watch
cartoons
and like there's certain things that i
myself like
have to have and have to do throughout
the day or whatever
is because of my trauma and that is like
my security and i just hold on to that
and i will never get rid of blankie
i love blanky i sleep with it every
single night
and i'm not ashamed of that because it's
just who i am and it's
what i do
what's up guys welcome back to my
channel sami marie here and i do videos
all about mental health here
i have borderline personality disorder
bipolar 2
ocd and ptsd and today i'm going to be
talking to you guys
about my medications and the side
effects of my medication
now i'm on lemigdel haldol
topamax and minipress and the mcdole is
a mood stabilizer
topamax is a mood stabilizer haldol
is an antipsychotic and minipress is for
ptsd
and nightmares and flashbacks
so those are the medications that i'm on
and what they're for
so the side effects let's just jump on
into that
and for me the side effects
for lamingto is
hair loss it makes me kind of groggy and
like numb
and tired and
i honestly i don't like it but i
and it's funny because my doctor had me
on 200 milligrams
like a couple months ago and i stopped
taking it
which you should never stop taking your
medications
like just stopping cold turkey but i did
and then um i recently just talked to
him like a few days ago and he was like
okay well we need to get you back on it
so now i'm back on it um not 200
milligrams
he's slowly tapering me back up to get
back up to 150 milligrams so now i'm on
25 milligrams of that tapering back up
to 150
so yeah i'm getting back up to that
and then the topamax side effects of
that
is hair loss in the beginning um
like you can't think straight you
literally can't even talk
like a normal person you can't speak
i would literally be talking gibberish
and i if there's a word for it i can't
remember the word
but you literally can't even have a
normal conversation
i'd be at work and i have this script
that i'd have to follow
talking to customers and i couldn't even
follow the script in my head like
i memorized it and i couldn't even
remember it
it was so bad the hall doll
i haven't really noticed much from the
hall doll
um in the beginning
i was very groggy very tired
just like very out of it i guess now i'm
used to it
but in the beginning of antipsychotics
you're just very out of it and very
tired so yeah
that's a big thing um but antipsychotics
are strong
haldol is a very strong antipsychotic
and i'm on a very strong
dosage of it so so yeah
um you gotta get used to it and now i'm
used to it so i don't really notice side
effects from it
but in the beginning of antipsychotics
you're just very out of it and very
tired so yeah
that's a big thing um but antipsychotics
are strong
haldol is a very strong antipsychotic
and i'm on a very strong
dosage of it so so yeah
um you gotta get used to it and now i'm
used to it so i don't really notice side
effects from it
but in the beginning i was very very
tired from it
over the years i was on a lot of
antipsychotic
medications until i tried
one particular psychoactive medication
that soon after i started taking it
i felt the best i did since i was a
little boy
when my psychiatrist warned me that
i would develop the physical symptoms
as in several years in the future
i wasn't really concerned about it
because i was doing so well
i don't want to have the risk of giving
that up
several years later i woke up one
morning
and i noticed that my cheeks were
puffing in and out uncontrollably
and i was horrified when i saw my image
in the mirror
and then the puffing in out changed to
grimacing and i wasn't surprised
that i was diagnosed with torn
dyskinesia
td because i knew grimacing was one of
the symptoms but i was surprised
i started to have other physical
problems that i wasn't prepared for
and then lastly minipress
i didn't really notice anything
i didn't have nightmares which is it's
supposed to take away nightmares from it
and my nightmares completely went away
which is really nice
i don't really have nightmares anymore
sometimes i do
because everybody has nightmares but
i really don't have nightmares anymore
which is really nice
um i don't have flashbacks really
anymore
which is really nice and it's just
completely
gone which is awesome so td has had a
big
impact on my life my symptoms of tv
are very visible and as a result
people look at me differently i travel
by public transportation
and i have kids turn around and stare at
me
because they're curious or they don't
understand
why this man is making faces
so i don't get upset about that but it
does upset me
when people see me grimacing they come
to the conclusion
that there's something wrong with me
[Music]
if you have any questions go ahead and
leave those below
but that's pretty much it guys i hope
you guys enjoyed this video
don't forget to like comment and
subscribe and i will see you guys next
[Music]
time
maybe we can we can practice
yes